Simple Weather using Ruby

The accompanying Ruby files retrieve current weather data from Wunderground.com
and make the data easily accessible in Ruby. The Wunderground API is described at
http://wiki.wunderground.com/index.php/API_-_XML

The weather data can be obtained using either the Weather class or the WeatherLibxml
class. The only difference between the two is how the result from the Wunderground
API call is parsed: REXML is used in weather.rb, and libxml is used in weather_libxml.rb.
The libxml version is faster, but REXML is distributed as part of standard ruby.

To create an object with the weather data, simply construct a Weather (or WeatherLibxml)
object using the location you want the weather for. The API accepts the following input,
according to Wundeground's API documentation (not all have been tested here):
  -zipcode (US or Canadian)
  -city state; city, state
  -city
  -state
  -country
  -airport code (3-letter or 4-letter)
  -lat,lon
The location should be passed into the constructor as a string. If no location
is provided, "Philadelphia, PA" is used as the location.

The results of the API call for the current conditions and the forecast can be
accessed via the @now and @forecast attributes. Additionally, the following
attributes are available:
  location - A string describing the location of the weather
  weather - A string describing current weather conditions
  temp_c - The temperature, in degrees C
  temp_f - The temperature, in degrees F
  observation_time - The time of the weather observation
  wind - A string describing current wind conditions
  sunset - A string representing the time of sunset
  sunrise - A string representing the time of sunrise
  forecast_days - An array of Day objects (see below)
  source - A string describing the source of data
  now_icon - An icon for current weather conditions

A Day object is used to contain data for a forecast period. There are usually 5
Day objects, each containing the following attributes:
  title - The title of the period (eg, "Tonight", "Wednesday", "Wednesday Night")
  text - A string describing weather conditions
  icon - An icon representing the weather conditions

Also included here are example uses. weather_to_html.rb and weather_libxml_to_html.rb
will print a simple HTML page (see output.html) containing weather data.
weather_benchmark.rb shows the performance differences between REXML and libxml.